Shopkeeper, you are so smart.
As soon as this added milk tea comes out?
Li Rongfa's previous investment was all wasted
How about today?
I have called you here because I have an announcement to make.
Don't give a shit
I've got the milk tea recipe.
Now Wuzhou restaurants are on sale.
Then Linyi is about to go bankrupt
It's amazing to grow so fast, hahahaha.
President President
What happened again?
Something big happened
What happened to Lin's Restaurant?
Milk tea with toppings is quite popular.
We can't sell milk tea.
Pardon me?
Really?
Our milk tea can't be sold, it's almost stinky.
So what do we do?
Damn, I was played by Linyi again
That milk tea formula
He must have leaked it to me on purpose
He already thought of a way
President, what should we do now?
Sell the milk tea that has not deteriorated at a low price.
I'm going to find Lin Yi now
Ye has money to say goodbye
I didn't expect the latter named Lin Yi
He played the president with full authority
This is the first time I have seen the president suffer a loss
He has been on Gangnam Road for 20 years
No sense of crisis
Defiant and arrogant
Stay with the people now
So normal
old lady
I listen to your expectations.
You seem to have an opinion from the captain